Learn online how to minimize risk


Dear Thanh,

Whether it’s a trade war, geopolitical turbulence, the virus pandemic or risks from other factors such as natural disasters, there’s more risk in the supply chain than ever before.

On March 25-26, over 30 leading supply chain experts and a pan-Asia audience of supply chain, procurement, business continuity and risk professionals will meet online at Supply Chain Risk Asia to discuss the threats and opportunities presented by the current environment with a series of presentations, case-studies and networking at this two-days virtual summit.

Some of the already confirmed sessions include (35+ speakers in total):
- Supply Chain Risk Management Strategies by Greg Hutchins, Founder - Principal Engineer, CERMAcademy.com
- The Most Difficult Aspect of Risk Management by Gregory Schlegel, Founder, Supply Chain Risk Management Consortium
- Overview of the newest SCRM techniques and tools by Michael Adick, Managing Director, Totuba
- Building internal and external business ecosystem for progressive continuous supply chain risk management improvement in Asia Pacific by Yohanes Jeffry Johary, Regional Finance Controller Asia Pacific, ISS Asia Pacific
- Local suppliers control of corruption by Surya Prakash Bakki, Manager Transportation Pan India, Karvy Next - Qykpress
- and many more speakers, view www.scrisk.asia/speakers/ for the full line-up.

 
>> To register, click on www.scrisk.asia/tickets/ - Save US$ 100 until March 6!
Starting at just US$ 99, the All-Access Pass gives you unlimited access to both live sessions and replays for up to one year after the summit ends. See more details at www.chain.net/posts/all-access-pass

>> Special 30% discount for GSCC Members
Starting at only US$ 370 per year, a membership can boost your supply chain career with a wealth of educational events, networking and learning, see all the benefits at https://gscc.co/benefits

>> Team Combo Package Available - Save US$ 500 until March 6!
The Team All-Access Pass gives you access to both live sessions and replays for 5 persons in your company - for up to one year after the summit ends. Click on www.scrisk.asia/tickets to purchase it.

Similarly to a traditional conference, attendees will be able to attend the presentations live, meet each other in the lobby and have real-time conversations via live chat and video.

Space is now limited and filling quickly. Reserve your seat now!

See you online :-)

The GSCC Team
www.gscc.co | www.chain.net

P.S. Hungry for a richer summit experience? Upgrade to an All Access pass to unlock the entire program with unlimited access, click www.scrisk.asia/tickets for more details

